add automation time rpc docs (#74)
OAK-Foundation/OAK-docs: _docs/automation-time-apis.md

#### Call
```rust
fn calculate_optimal_autostaking(
    /// The amount that will be staked.
    principal: i128,
    /// The collator to which the principal will be staked.
    collator: AccountId,
)
```

* This RPC will return a JSON object with a time period and an APY. The time period represents the optimal staking duration and the APY is the projected staking return.

#### Errors
* **Unable to calculate optimal autostaking**: The optimal autostaking calculation went wrong.
* **collator does not exist**: The collator provided is not a real collator.
* **could not calculate fee**: The fee calculation went wrong.

#### Example
Sample Request
```cURL
curl --location --request POST 'http://rpc.turing-staging.oak.tech' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw '{"id":1, "jsonrpc":"2.0", "method": "automationTime_calculateOptimalAutostaking", "params": [1000000000000, "6AwtFW6sYcQ8RcuAJeXdDKuFtUVXj4xW57ghjYQ5xyciT1yd"]}'
```

Sample Response
```JSON
{
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "result": {
        "period": 63,
        "apy": 0.08711145708327778
    },
    "id": 1
}
```

> ### RPC: Get Task IDs for Auto-compounding staking delegation tasks.

Reviewer: rm period from title

#### Call
```rust
fn get_auto_compound_delegated_stake_task_ids(
    /// The account ID of the wallet of the delegator.
    account_id: AccountId
)
```

* This RPC will return the task IDs of the auto-compounding staking delegation task for each collator that this wallet has staked with.

#### Errors
* **Unable to get AutoCompoundDelegatedStakeTask ids**: Retrieval of Task IDs went wrong.

#### Example
Sample Request
```cURL
curl --location --request POST 'http://rpc.turing-staging.oak.tech' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw '{"id":1, "jsonrpc":"2.0", "method": "automationTime_getAutoCompoundDelegatedStakeTaskIds", "params": ["68vqVx27xVYeCkqJTQnyXrcMCaKADUa7Rywn9TSrUZyp4NGP"]}'
```

Sample Response
```JSON
{
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "result": [
        "0xceff6bb4a24529cbd4707cafd9ee158774ecbdc31e3479e1452a259df91f2c50",
        "0xb222b3501b23c6482894b6051d7fcbae7de3da9c8a8dc9e54971dbaff129b028"
    ],
    "id": 1
}
```

> ## Coming soon

Reviewer: Actually we should clean this up / remove this heading since it's live

Author: ahh, just realized, this isn't live in the way that we think it is. it's live through the schedule xcmp task, where you need another parachain to initiate the action. i'll write that in as an experimental section

}
```

### RPC: Generate Task ID based on Provided ID and Account ID
This API allows you to generate the Task ID based on the Provided ID and Account ID used to create the task.

#### Call
```rust
fn generate_task_id(
    /// The `account_id` of the user. This is the wallet address of the user who created the task.
    account_id: AccountId,
    /// An id provided by the user. This id must be unique for each task for a given user.
    provided_id: Vec<u8>,

>     )

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
)
```

```

> ** For those who are not familiar with rust `Vec<u8>` accepts a string input. For example, "I am as unique as a snowflake" is a valid input.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The rust `Vec<u8>` accepts a string input. For example, "I am as unique as a snowflake" is a valid input.
```

** This RPC should return the task ID associated with this unique combination of account ID and provided ID.

> ** This RPC does not provide the task ID for only tasks that are scheduled. It can provided the potential task ID for non-scheduled tasks, so long as the non-scheduled tasks are scheduled with the provided account_id and provided_id. 

Reviewer 2: These all got formatted on one line
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16072671/180031624-aec16d68-ecc7-4d44-92b8-7f0d93d4581c.png)

Also, I think it's just `*` for bulleted list.

#### Errors
```rust
pub enum Error {
    // Could not generate the task_id.

>     "Unable to generate task_id",

Reviewer 2: Putting this string in a rust enum looks strange to me. For folks that don't know rust the `enum` won't help and it will confuse devs that are familiar with rust. Maybe just a bulleted list of these strings?

}
```

#### Example
Sample Request
```cURL
curl --location --request POST 'http://rpc.turing-staging.oak.tech' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw '{"id":1, "jsonrpc":"2.0", "method": "automationTime_generateTaskId", "params": ["5GrwvaEF5zXb26Fz9rcQpDWS57CtERHpNehXCPcNoHGKutQY", "savedProvidedID"]}'
```

Sample Response
```JSON
{
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "result": "0x45edb12767422ace02643641c0224b7a37d584751779e78e35819212d04100fd",
    "id": 1
}
```

### RPC: Get Time Automation Fees
This API allows you to get the execution fees for the automation time task.

#### Call
```rust
fn get_time_automation_fees(
    /// The action that you will be using, provided in String format.  
    action: AutomationAction,
    /// The number of task executions
    executions: u32,

>     )

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
)
```

```

> ** The 4 enums for AutomationAction are: Notify, NativeTransfer, XCMP, AutoCompoundDelegatedStake.

Reviewer 2: Same issue as above. All formatted one line.

    // The fee amount is too large and cannot fit in u64 representation.
    "RPC value doesn't fit in u64 representation",
}
```

#### Example
Sample Request
```cURL
curl --location --request POST 'http://rpc.turing-staging.oak.tech' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw '{"id":1, "jsonrpc":"2.0", "method": "automationTime_getTimeAutomationFees", "params": ["Notify", 3]}'
```

Sample Response
```JSON
{
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "result": 252000000,
    "id": 1
}
```

### RPC: Calculate Optimal Autostaking
This API calculates the optimal parameters for autostaking. Autostaking is the process of restaking the returns from some staked principal. Restaking too frequently becomes too costly for fees, but restaking too infrequently leaves too much opportunity cost on the table, as the unstaked balance sits in the wallet without providing additional staking value. This function finds the optimal frequency and the corresponding APY for restaking.

#### Call
```rust
fn calculate_optimal_autostaking(
    /// The amount that will be staked.
    principal: i128,
    /// The collator to which the principal will be staked.
    collator: AccountId,

>     )

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
)
```

```

** This RPC will return a JSON object with a time period and an APY. The time period represents the optimal staking duration and the APY is the projected staking return.

#### Errors
```rust
pub enum Error {
    // The optimal autostaking calculation went wrong.
    "Unable to calculate optimal autostaking",
    // The collator provided is not a real collator.
    "collator does not exist",
    // The fee calculation went wrong.
    "could not calculate fee",
}
```

#### Example
Sample Request
```cURL
curl --location --request POST 'http://rpc.turing-staging.oak.tech' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw '{"id":1, "jsonrpc":"2.0", "method": "automationTime_calculateOptimalAutostaking", "params": [1000000000000, "6AwtFW6sYcQ8RcuAJeXdDKuFtUVXj4xW57ghjYQ5xyciT1yd"]}'
```

Sample Response
```JSON
{
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "result": {

>         "period": 63,

Reviewer 2: Is the unit here days, hours, something else? @atomaka

Author: in days!

>         "apy": 0.08711145708327778

Reviewer 2: Same here. Is this `8% apy` or `.08` apy? @atomaka

Author: 8%!

    },
    "id": 1
}
```

### RPC: Get Task IDs for Auto-compounding staking delegation tasks.
This API gets the task IDs for auto-compounded stake delegation tasks. Auto-compounding staking delegation tasks are unique to an wallet address and collator pair. This RPC collects all of the task IDs for existing auto-compounding staking delegation tasks for each unique wallet address to collator pair, given a single wallet address. The auto-compounding task must exist in order for this RPC to return a task ID. The delegator must also have delegated to a collator first in order for the auto-compounding task to be included. 

#### Call
```rust
fn get_auto_compound_delegated_stake_task_ids(
    /// The account ID of the wallet of the delegator.
    account_id: AccountId

>     )

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
)
```
